README.md, before:

# Professional Coding Portfolio

# User Story
AS AN employer
I WANT to view a potential employee's deployed portfolio of work samples
SO THAT I can review samples of their work and assess whether they're a good candidate for an open position

# Acceptance Criteria
Here are the critical requirements necessary to develop a portfolio that satisfies a typical hiring manager’s needs:

GIVEN I need to sample a potential employee's previous work
WHEN I load their portfolio
THEN I am presented with the developer's name, a recent photo or avatar, and links to sections about them, their work, and how to contact them
WHEN I click one of the links in the navigation
THEN the UI scrolls to the corresponding section
WHEN I click on the link to the section about their work
THEN the UI scrolls to a section with titled images of the developer's applications
WHEN I am presented with the developer's first application
THEN that application's image should be larger in size than the others
WHEN I click on the images of the applications
THEN I am taken to that deployed application
WHEN I resize the page or view the site on various screens and devices
THEN I am presented with a responsive layout that adapts to my viewport

Commit message:

added about section and placeholder image

README.md, after:

# Professional Coding Portfolio

## Basis
Mekayla Trujillo's professional portfolio showcasing an about section of the developer, a section showcasing her latest work, and a contact section housing her social media sites and a form section inquiring about questions or references of her work. 

## Developed with
- HTML
- CSS

# User Story
AS AN employer
I WANT to view a potential employee's deployed portfolio of work samples
SO THAT I can review samples of their work and assess whether they're a good candidate for an open position

# Acceptance Criteria
Here are the critical requirements necessary to develop a portfolio that satisfies a typical hiring manager’s needs:

GIVEN I need to sample a potential employee's previous work
WHEN I load their portfolio
THEN I am presented with the developer's name, a recent photo or avatar, and links to sections about them, their work, and how to contact them
WHEN I click one of the links in the navigation
THEN the UI scrolls to the corresponding section
WHEN I click on the link to the section about their work
THEN the UI scrolls to a section with titled images of the developer's applications
WHEN I am presented with the developer's first application
THEN that application's image should be larger in size than the others
WHEN I click on the images of the applications
THEN I am taken to that deployed application
WHEN I resize the page or view the site on various screens and devices
THEN I am presented with a responsive layout that adapts to my viewport
